DEV: add Redis 8 rel. notes and update configuration pages (#1505)
redis/docs: content/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisce/redisos-8.0.0-release-notes.md

---
Title: Redis Open Source 8.0.0 release notes
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- stack
description: Redis Open Source 8.0.0 release notes.
linkTitle: v8.0.0 (May 2025)
min-version-db: blah
min-version-rs: blah
weight: 10
---

## Redis Open Source 8.0.0 (May 2025)

This is the General Availability release of Redis Open Source 8.0.

Redis 8.0 deprecates previous Redis and Redis Stack versions.

> Stand alone RediSearch, RedisJSON, RedisTimeSeries, and RedisBloom modules are no longer needed as they are now part of Redis.

Reviewer: Isn't it usually written as one word?
```suggestion
Standalone RediSearch, RedisJSON, RedisTimeSeries, and RedisBloom modules are no longer needed as they are now part of Redis.
```
